# Mini-games
There are fourteen mini-games in the game. While they are all hosted by different characters Ando Kensaku ends up hosting two mini-games due to there only being 13 characters. 
The mini games are split into three sections called First Time Kensaku Mode, Basic Kensaku Mode, and lastly And Kensaku Mode. Some mini games featured additional content 
that could have been downloaded with Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection such as updated search terms, and new questions for some of the mini games. 
With the termination of this service on May 20, 2014 it is no longer possible to download these new terms and questions.

# First Time Kensaku Mode
- **Which Is More?:** 1-4 players have to choose between two topics and say which has more hits. The game ends when the percentage of correct answers meets the requirement. The number of problems is set at 215 at the start, and there are user-submitted questions as well. It is hosted by Word Ullr.
- **Trend Quiz With Graphs:** 1-4 players are shown a topic and have to select the region and time period in which the topic was searched the most. There are 209 questions at the start of the game. It is hosted by Information Assob.
- **Association! Crossword Search:** A single player solves a crossword where the clues are the search information for the answer. There are 80 crosswords to clear at the start but more could have been downloaded via the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection services. Only the 80 puzzles in the game need to be cleared. This game is hosted by Natsume Bunseki.
- **Sentence Puzzle By Connecting Words:** A single player searches for phrases using sentences created by placing words selected from the word list in the empty panels. There are 80 stages that must be cleared to beat this mini game. This game is hosted by Tsuchime-in Data.
# Basic Kensaku Mode
- **Kensaku! Panel 9:** 1-4 players select a topic from a word list that they think would best match the panel they want to steal. Grey panels are not owned by any player and can be filled in with any term. Once the panels are filled though players must fight each other for panels by placing their word into the panel and if the new word has more hits with the panel's own term than the previous player's word, the new player gets the panel. Players can also get bingos by having their owned panels in a row next to each other or across the play area diagonally. The player with the most panels at the end of the set amount of turns is the winner. It is hosted by Ando Kensaku.
- **Quick Strike: Kensaku Musketeer! (Gunman):** 1-4 players search for phrases using the theme words and the words of the targets they shoot. Starting at level 2, items will appear. It is hosted by Hot Blooded Hit.
- **Bakudan Survival:** 1-4 players must choose the topic with the lowest number of hits. If they don't, a bomb will drop and they will fail. The player with the least amount of fails wins. This game is hosted by Ando Kensaku.
- **Line Them Up! Kensaku Banzuke:** A single player rearranges word panels in order so that they're listed from highest hits to lowest. The game ends when the player runs out of hearts. If they clear a game, they gain a heart. It is hosted by Kyono Shirabe.
- **Wobby Kensaku Showdown:** Ando Kensaku stands balanced on a tree while holding two birdhouses. 1-4 players choose a birdhouse, and the birds will exit. The birds leaving the birdhouse changes the balance and will cause Ando Kensaku to sway from side to side. If he falls the player who made him fall will have their score reset to zero. The goal is to keep the birdhouses from losing their balancing by carefully choosing which search term would have the correct amount of hits to let the correct amount of birds. The player with the highest score at the end wins. This minigame is hosted by Mysterious Pyoko.
# And Kensaku Mode
- **Kensaku Card Battle:** 1-2 players search for word cards that match theme words. The player who chooses the card with higher hits damages the opponents health. Starting in level 2 the players can choose their class type, and depending on the type, the items they can use change, can also be acquired by turns. In level 4 the word cards will have attributes that change the damage output depending on its compatibility. It is hosted by New Arrival Kirari.
- **Cooperation! Explore the Universe Together!:** 1-4 players choose words from a word list, which causes a rocket to move based on the number of hits. If the players don't reach the goal by four turns, they lose. Starting in level 2, the players can use items. It is hosted by Keyword F Cosmo.
- **And Kensaku! Panel 9:** This game is played similarly to Kensaku! Panel 9. It is hosted by Tango Pekoemon.
- **Tsunagaru! Kensaku Puzzle:** A single player selects words to put in an empty panel and search for them between adjacent panels. The player must reach a certain number of hits by placing words into the correct panels to clear the stage. This game has 120 normal stages and more stages are unlocked after these initial stages are cleared. Only the first 120 stages need to be cleared for the minigame to count as fully cleared. It is hosted by Guide Sagle.
- **Climbing! Kensaku Stairs:** A single player chooses from a word list, and words with more hits extend a staircase higher. If the staircase falls after them, they lose. Sometimes the player will gain items that can help them during gameplay such as freezing the falling staircase for a set amount of seconds. For the five clearable stages there is a set number of stairs the player must climb to clear that stage. Once the mini game is fully cleared the player unlocks a free mode where they can see how long they can last before the stairs fall on them. It is hosted by Noyama Pochi.

Clearing all five stages of a game (or in the cases of Association! Crossword Search, Sentence Puzzle By Connecting Words, and Tsunagaru! Kensaku Puzzle, clearing all of their stages) gives the player a medal on that mini game showing that they fully cleared it and the host of that game will send them a congratulatory letter via the Wii Message Board. Clearing the main stages of a game often unlocks extra content such as the ability to play a single individual question in games such as Which is More, and Trend Quiz With Graphs, or different settings for the game, like changing the difficulty of the CPU opponents.
